Adding header updates (#52)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/headers.md

    }
```

> #### Forward headers

Reviewer: Why "forward" ? Maybe "Return header values"?

Author: i believe "Forward headers" is the correct terminology ([e.g.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Forwarded)), as the headers are forwarded from the source. @of0x would it make more sense for this section to be named "Return header values"?

Reviewer: Based on your link, I prefer "Forwarded" over "Forward".  Maybe insert "forwarded" between "return" and "header" in the sentence below.

Reviewer 2: Yes, forward is correct. The mesh is an intermediary between the various sources and the requesting client, so it is forwarding the headers to the client.

> The `responseConfig.headers` object also allows you to return header values from a source. In the following example, we are requesting the `X-Magento-Cache-Id` and `X-Cache` headers from the Venia source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `responseConfig.headers` object also allows you to return header values from a source. The following example requests the `X-Magento-Cache-Id` and `X-Cache` headers from the Venia source.
```

I'm making this suggestion because it's the only instance in this topic that you use "we". In general, I don't have a problem with this construction, but consistency is good.

```json
{
  "meshConfig": {
    "sources": [
      {
        "name": "venia",
        "handler": {
          "graphql": {
            "endpoint": "https://venia.magento.com/graphql"
          }
        },
        "responseConfig": {
          "headers": [
            "X-Magento-Cache-Id",
            "X-Cache"
          ]
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> ##### Conflicting headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Conflicting headers
```

> When forwarding headers, an error occurs if two or more sources return a header with the same name. To prevent this, include the `x-include-metadata` header with a value of `true` in the request.

Reviewer 2: There isn't a causal relation between duplicate headers and the x-include-metadata header. If a mesh creator has duplicate values in two different sources, they will get an error whether or not they have included the x-include-metadata header. 

Perhaps replace the phrase "To prevent this" to something like "To see all headers, regardless of whether they are included in the responseConfig"

``` json
...
{
  "responseConfig": {
    "headers": {
      "x-include-metadata": "true"
    }
  }
}
...
```

> Including metadata will prefix the returned response headers with their source name. In the following example, the `cache-control` header values are returned for the `venia` and `commerce` sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Including metadata prefixes the returned response headers with their source name. In the following example, the `cache-control` header values are returned for the `venia` and `commerce` sources.
```
